doc: add meeting notes 2023-12-21 (#1174)
nodejs/security-wg: meetings/2023-12-21.md

# Node.js  Security Team Meeting 2023-12-21

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTwi31mH8ec
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/1173
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sG2PxLhiHZw0U4PLwa6amlpbmLSCydqAi0PHrMBGVLI/edit

## Present

* Security wg team: @nodejs/security-wg
* Marco Ippolito: @marco-ippolito
* GENTILHOMME Thomas: @fraxken
* Rafael Gonzaga: @RafaelGSS
* Ulises Gascon: @UlisesGascon
* Anton Bauhofer: @antonbauhofer (spdx)
* Robert: @rdw-msft (Microsoft)
* Maximilian Huber: @maxhbr (spdx)
* Amir Montazery: @Amir-Montazery (ostif)
* Lee Homes (Microsoft)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

> - [X] Vulnerability Review - https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-dependency-vuln-assessments/issues
> - [X] OpenSSF Scorecard Monitor Review - https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues?q=is%3Aissue+OpenSSF+Scorecard+Report+Updated%21+
> Some interface failures have been fixed
> nodejs.org increased 1.4 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [X] Vulnerability Review - https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-dependency-vuln-assessments/issues
- [X] OpenSSF Scorecard Monitor Review - https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues?q=is%3Aissue+OpenSSF+Scorecard+Report+Updated%21+
  - Some interface failures have been fixed related to -1 values from the API 
  - nodejs.org increased 1.4 points
```

[#1159](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1159)
  * no updates apart from the 3 PRs Adam has created

* Amir from ostif.org - Discuss possibility of consulting engagement with security expert in November/December at 2023-11-09 3pm Security-WG meeting  [#1145](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1145)
  * Closed

* Permission Model - Roadmap [#898](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/898)
  * Rafael created some PRs to address some issues and include a new CLI flag: –allow-addons
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51183
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51184
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/50758
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51209
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51211
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51212
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51213

* License checker process/script [#1104](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1104)
  * removing from the agenda until we find someone to work on it

* Audit build process for dependencies [#1037](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1037)
  * Marco will research if nodejs core still needs to use minimatch

> * Initiative for CII-Best-Practices for Nodejs Projects [#953](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/953)
>   * Some updates from CII-Silver level that require our attention
>   * Rafael suggested to perform a deep dive on it in the next meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Initiative for CII-Best-Practices for Nodejs Projects [#953](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/953)
  * Ulises has created PRs to add the missing context (discussions made, documentation, relevant links) to improve the experience while reviewing Gold and other levels. Please review the PRs: [Entry level](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/1162) and [Silver level](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/1163)
  * Rafael suggested to perform a deep dive on it in the next meeting
  * We can start to discuss about the gold level even if Silver has not yet granted (due technical matters). [PR](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/956)
```
